README.md, before:

# Equity Awards Carta (Take Home)

This project is a solution to Carta's take home exercise, which was building a standalone frontend app to render information about equity awards.

I chose to use React as it's the framework I have the most proficiency with. Since I have never used TypeScript professionally before, I chose not to use it in this project, but I certainly would if there were not time constraints.

I assumed `"The numbers should show only significant digits"` meant only removing the trailing zeros.

The project was created using a CLI called `create-react-app` in order to ease the set up and save some time.

## Set up

Before running you should make sure you have `Node.js` and `npm` installed. [Here](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm) is how.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits. You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

Commit message:

Add comment about tests at README

README.md, after:

# Equity Awards Carta (Take Home)

This project is a solution to Carta's take home exercise, which was building a standalone frontend app to render information about equity awards.

I chose to use React as it's the framework I have the most proficiency with. Since I have never used TypeScript professionally before, I chose not to use it in this project, but I certainly would if there were not time constraints.

I assumed `"The numbers should show only significant digits"` meant only removing the trailing zeros.

As for the tests, I did only a few as an example, but I would definetelly have done more if there weren't time constraints.

The project was created using a CLI called `create-react-app` in order to ease the set up and save some time.

## Set up

Before running you should make sure you have `Node.js` and `npm` installed. [Here](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm) is how.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits. You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.
